Add agent framework/throttling/hidden model/OS assistant and update conversational search documentation (#6354)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/controller-apis/delete-controller.md

---
layout: default
title: Delete controller
parent: Controller APIs
grand_parent: ML Commons APIs
nav_order: 50
---

# Delete a controller
**Introduced 2.12**
{: .label .label-purple }

> Deletes a controller for a model based on the `model_id`.

Author: ```suggestion
Use this API to delete a controller for a model based on the `model_id`.
```
